you
this lecture is about learning to rank
in this lecture we're going to continue
talking about web search in particular
we're going to talk about the using
machine learning to combine different
features to improve the ranking function
so the question that we address in this
lecture is how we can combine many
features to generate a single ranking
function through optimized search
results in the previous lectures we have
talked about a number of ways to rank
documents we have talked about some
retrieval models like ABI m25 or query
write code they can generate the content
the basis course for matching documents
with a query and we also talked about
the link based approaches like PageRank
that can give additional scores to help
us improve ranking now the question now
is how can we combine all these features
and potential many other features to do
ranking and this will be very useful for
ranking web pages and not only just to
improve accuracy but also the improve
the robustness of the ranking function
so that it's not easy for a spammer to
just put over one or a few features to
promote a page so the general idea of
learning to rank is to use machine
learning to combine these features for
optimized the weights on different
features to generate the optimal ranking
function so we will assume that the
given a query doc in the pair Q and D we
can define a number of features and
these features can vary from
content-based features such as a score
of the document with respect to the
query according to a retrieval function
such as BM 25 or query like code or
pivot consolidation or PL 2 etc it can
also be linked based of score like
patrons 4 it can be also
application of retrieval models to the
and text of the page like those are the
types of descriptions of links that
point through this page so these can all
be cruise about whether this document is
relevant or not we can even include
features such as whether the URL has a
tilde because this might be an indicator
of home page or engine page so all these
features can then be combined together
to generate the ranking function the
question is of course how can we combine
them in this approach we simply
hypothesize that the probability that
this document isn't relevant to this
query is a function of all these
features so we can hypothesis that the
probability of relevance is related to
these features through a particular form
of the function that has some parameters
these parameters can control the
influence of different features the
final relevance this is of course just
the assumption whether this assumption
really makes sense is a big question and
well so they have to empirically
evaluate the function but by high
profiling that relevance is related to
these features in the particular way we
can then combine these features to
generate a potentially more powerful
ranking function a more robust ranking
function naturally the next question is
how do we estimate those parameters now
how do we know which features we should
have a higher weight and which features
you have low weight
so this is the task of training or
learning right so in this approach what
we will do is to use some training data
those are the data that have been
guarded by users so that we already know
the relevance
Jasmin's we already know which documents
should be rounded high for which queries
and this thing for missing can be based
on real judgments by users or can this
can also be approximated by just using
click-through information where we can
assume the click the documents are
better than the skip the documents will
click the documents are relevant and the
schema documents are now relevant so in
general the fit such a hypothesize the
ranking function through the training
data meaning that that we will try to
optimize its retrieval accuracy on the
training data and we have just these
parameters to see how we can optimize
the performance of the function on the
training data in terms of some measures
such as map or NDC team so the training
that I would look like a table of him
tuples H taco it has three elements the
query of the document and a gentleman so
it looks very much like our relevance
judgment that we talked about the
evaluation of retrieval systems
you